Try F#======[F# Cheat Sheet](http://dungpa.github.io/fsharp-cheatsheet/)We are going to use F# to draw 3D shapes, starting with a simple cube and ending up reading a json feed and drawing the shapes specified in there.  Along the way we'll see how to define and pass functions as parameters, the pipe operator, type inference, tuples, define discriminated unions, pattern match, use higher order functions, compose functions and use type providers.Functions to draw shapes on screen are provided and are TryFs.cuboid, TryFs.cube, TryFs.cone and TryFs.cylinder.## 1 Define a Function ##In F# a function is defined like so``` fsharplet add number1 number2 = number1 + number```Firstly define a new function called draw, it should have no parameters and draw a red cube.  To show a shape a Drawing3D object should be passed into the TryFs.showIt function - as luck would have it each of the TryFs.* drawing functions return a Drawing3D instance so if you call TryFs.cube with the correct parameters and pass the result to showIt then you're done.## 2 Pipe Operator ##The F# forward pipe operator |> passes the value on its left to the function on its right.Now change the way the shape is passed to the showIt function to use the |> operator.## 3 Add Function Parameters ##Now add x, y and z parameters to the draw function to define the position of the cube on the screen and pass them to TryFs.cube as the first three parameters.  You shouldn't need to give the parameters types in the definition as type inference will work out that they are floats from their usage. Note that coordinates 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 is the centre of the window.## 4 Define a Discriminated Union ##A simple F# discriminated union - which is what we'll define in this step - is similar to an enum in C# and Java in that they define a set of named constants.Define a discriminated union type called Shape and is made up of the shapes we are able to draw - Cuboid, Cube, Cone and Cylinder.## 5 Pattern Matching ##Pattern matching in F# is done using the match..with expression for instance this will print some text to the console depending on the value of an int``` fsharpmatch num with	| 3 -> printf "num is 3"	| 8 -> printf "num is 8"	| n when n < 10 -> printf "%d is less than 10" n	| _ -> printf "num is >= 10"```Add another parameter to your draw function - this one will define which shape is going to be drawn and will be the discriminated union type defined above.Add a simple pattern match for each type of shape and draw the correct one.## 6 Add values to the Discriminated Union ##Unlike enums a discriminated union can have a tuple associated with it rather than just a single value.  So our Cylinder needs two parameters for its dimension - height and width - so this would look like this``` fsharpCylinder of float * float```Now add dimensions for each shape to the discriminated union - then the shapes can be created with their dimensions, the Cylinder as defined above can be created like this:``` fsharpCylinder (3.0, 1.0)```and use the values in the pattern match to draw shapes with the dimensions that were passed in.## 7 Add record type ##Add a record type that defines the shape, the coordinates and a colour.  Make the coordinates a tuple of float * float * float.  Replace the current parameters of the draw function with a single one of this record type.## 8 Draw a list of shapes ##Change the draw function to take a list of shape definition records and show them all.  To do this rather than passing each individual Drawing3D instance to the TryFs.showIt function you will need to pass a list of Drawing3D instances to the TryFs.showEm function.  Take a look at the List.map function to do this.## 9 Draw a tower ##You should now be able to use your draw function and new-found F# skills to use a cylinder and a cone to draw a tower on the screen.## 10 Make coordinates an Option ##The F# Option type is a discriminated union that can be either Some(<datatype>) or None.Change the definition of the record type so that the coordinates tuple is an option type and pass a function to the draw function that will take an option of the coordinates tuple and return either the coordinates - when there are some - or a default position if the coordinates are None. ## 11 Compose a new function ##The function composition operator can be used to compose new functions from existing ones.  For instance if we define a function``` fsharplet add1 x = x + 1```and then another one``` fsharplet add2 x = x + 2``` we could use the composition operator to create add3 from add1 and add2 like this``` fsharplet add3 x = (add1 >> add2) x```Add a function that will take the coordinates as a float * float * float tuple and change the position of the shape up and to the left by, say, 0.5.  Use the >> operator to compose a new function made up of the function currently being passed into the draw function and this new one and pass this new function into draw.## 12 Read shapes from json feed ##Use the [json type provider](http://fsharp.github.io/FSharp.Data/library/JsonProvider.html) to read shape definitions from the shapes.json file and create a list of shape records to pass into the draw function.The records can be loaded from the json file like this``` fsharptype Shapes = JsonProvider<"shapes.json">let shapesList = Shapes.Load("shapes.json")```shapesList will then be a sequence of records and you can use intellisense to see the fields that are available.## 13 Draw some cool stuff ##